the young icons gives you a glimpse
inside the lives of the brightest and
the best coming up in this half hour
she might be pint-sized but she sure can
command out he had big plans of spinning
his way into the top list of DJs in the
country
he's a I love that he can compete with
some of the best and this high school
scientist is on her way to the Ivy
League this fall she's an amazing person
she has amazing talents
this rising star is on a mission to get
kids reading
don't have to read textbooks or anything
educational I can just read all that and
more on the young icons starting right
now I'm the Royal Sandford I'm eight
years old and I love to do comedy
I'm sure you're wondering how an
eight-year-old gets introduced to the
world of comedy at such a young age
jokes and the rest is history since then
she begged me every year to do it again
and do it again comedy professionally
probably last year that's when I started
going to places like the Comedy Store
here at The Improv and thanks to her dad
Laroy was able to really start pursuing
her comedy talent on a more full-time
basis so where you want to start today
I'll help her by taking her to the
events I guess on the chauffeur and some
locating and scheduling other things the
responses from other kids and other
adults has been tremendous for about 20
years also love joy at Sanford John
in addition to her nighttime comedy big
mariah must also continue with school
but she just happens to be an
exceptional swimmer water polo player
and martial artist is not just a copy -
this was for the swimming she's on two
different leads that's year round so one
league is enough for one person but she
wants to be on two different swimming
leagues as well as a water polo team
synchronized woman as you just signed up
for the diving team this summer it's not
like come on what are you trying to kill
me I like about swimming is that I get
to feel free
a few years ago I kept getting
disqualified over and over again when
swimming burn stroke and I wanted to
give up and quit every time I climb out
of the pool just
official tell me that I was a spiral of
broccoli but my coach explained that
quitters never win and winners never
quit
if Laroy you didn't have the support
from her parents she would not be where
she is today
and she's grateful for their help the
number one sacrifice I have to make to
see her dreams come true is giving up my
most of my free time I mean in my free
time it has been turned all the way to
but it's worth it because that's what we
do as parents I mean we're not
sacrificing for our kids we're not good
parents as far as I'm concerned this
eight-year-old is seizing the
opportunity to encourage other kids to
chase down their own dreams I got called
lots of names in my old school and I
really felt like that doesn't feel
really
to bring it up since the community is
try to make jokes about it but at the
same time tell people hey we gotta fix
this
and I feel like by using convey and
making people happy they might think
about it well kids will look up to me
because I see a regular little girl from
their neighborhood coming from the same
struggles like not sitting here being
bullied and family problems
we're not letting those things hold me
back or be an excuse to do wrong by
using those issues as a fuel to be
creative and productive and make an
impact in the world
as a young icon because she impacts
people in a very unique way when you
meet her you never forget it when you
see on stage it's something you take
home with you it's not about the comedy
to her I think it's all about the fame
it's about really making someone feel
different feel happier it's it's it's
something that comes from and we're sure
Laroy its future will be full of laughs
I think Aurora kind of like the next
opener because she looked at over when
she saw the final show and she was drawn
to that too like wow and here's what I
found interesting she said look at all
the good you can do when you have that
much success and that blew me away
so she's driven to do good in some
strange way to help people
60 seconds of happiness wasted thank you